doc: Zigbee R23 add-on v1.0.0 update (#39)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/release-notes.rst

.. _zigbee_release:

|addon| v1.0.0 - 07/07/2025
***************************

> This is a `supported <Software maturity levels_>`_ release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following release is `supported <Software maturity levels_>`_.
```

> * Added:
>  
>   * Production ready support for the nRF52840, nRF54L15, nRF54L10 and nRF54L05 SoCs.
>     Released Zigbee libraries are not certified.
>   * Support for FOTA for nRF52840, nRF54L15 and nRF54L10 SoCs - example of usage added to :ref:`Light switch <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` sample.
>   * The new ZBOSS R23 v4.2.0.0.
>   * The ZBOSS NCP Host package v3.2.0.
> 
> * Updated the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:
 
  * Production-ready support for the nRF52840, nRF54L15, nRF54L10, and nRF54L05 SoCs.
    However, the released Zigbee libraries are not certified.
  * FOTA support for the nRF52840, nRF54L15, and nRF54L10 SoCs, with an example of usage provided in the :ref:`Light switch <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` sample.
  * The new ZBOSS R23 v4.2.0.0.
  * The ZBOSS NCP Host package v3.2.0.

* Updated the documentation to reflect the changes.
```
